[Music]
Guys I thought I did not have to
to do today was mario family attacked
meet dona maria there the other day she did
grace with you or he said it is
Our mother, Gum, rises in the case of Maria.
of the mother on the land in the law does not
a glimpse that comes as pm
problem she's limp and sympathy now
Look who's already preparing here.
let's make cheese and cheese on
homemade cottage cheese even using the
traditional wood stove is just going
how many liters of milk
NASA is not come to the applicant 's
almost ten thousand ten liters is there we go
do the second the first thing that
In fact, you can use curd
and how it's made is something with it.
natural guard
now knead that was being driven
the sedation sing in the heated show
enough 34 minutes of poison
in the league the sea is putting this garbage
now for what to put in the pan detail
iron pot according to the sour smell
and not the law
the process then repeating 34 times
depending also on the acidity of the mass it
I do not see the last process going
to be fried in butter
now butter milk the cream of
cream milk
when I was looking on foot to go
Owen van natta of him will you do
curd cheese removes over her husband and
now it's frying who it was that
thing washed the batter will now fry
he now this here is that point in the
photo gave league right owner maria guard
ready to eat is an equation
in our people is that the brother
so that rafael that he camera
filming water because it's not with us
For God's sake on the street 3
week had a farm working
they would have to commit to a hick
legitimate claiming price did not have the
milk tank is not only who this
the work is hard and it is time
who knows how to do and does well
[Music]
ie ii